http://stevan-little.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/yuvalkogman?format=xml programming
http://blog.sartak.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://blog.urth.org/atom.xml programming
http://www.shadowcat.co.uk/feed/blog/matt-s-trout programming
http://rjbs.manxome.org/rubric/entries/user/rjbs/has_body/1?format=rss programming
http://chris.prather.org/atom.xml programming
http://blog.weftsoar.net/feeds/posts/default programming
http://perldition.org/feeds/articles/atom programming
http://perl-yarg.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default programming
http://bulknews.typepad.com/blog/atom.xml programming
http://blog.plover.com/index.rss programming
http://use.perl.org/~scrottie/journal/rss programming
http://www.onemogin.com/blog/feed programming
http://thelackthereof.org/blog.rss programming
http://taeb-blog.sartak.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://clique.jonirons.net/feed/ marathon
http://slacktivist.typepad.com/slacktivist/atom.xml religion politics
http://pervocracy.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default sex
http://quizzicalpussy.com/feed/ sex
http://gentlemansc.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default prof
http://learningcurves.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default prof
http://www.alistapart.com/site/rss design
